Warning about repo being archived (#344)
xarray-contrib/datatree: README.md

The initial motivation was to represent netCDF files / Zarr stores with multiple nested groups in a single in-memory object,
but `datatree.DataTree` objects have many other uses.

# :rotating_light: :bell: :warning: NO LONGER MAINTAINED :warning: :bell: :rotating_light:

**This repository has been archived and the code is no longer maintained!**

Datatree has been [merged upstream into `pydata/xarray`](https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/8572), and released as of xarray version `2024.10.0`.

There will be no further bugfixes or feature additions to this respository.

> Users of this repository should migrate to using `xarray.DataTree` instead, following the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/pydata/xarray/blob/main/DATATREE_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for more information and a link to the migration guide see [this issue](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/datatree/issues/345)
```
